Provide clarification about differences between pagination methods (#154)
xataio/mdx-docs: 040-SDK/101-get.mdx

### Offset-based Pagination

> Offset-based pagination provides more flexibility and allows you to request a specific page (using `offset`) within a total amount of records given a specific page `size`. This flexibility comes at a performance cost since the amount of total records needs to be known. To prevent slow response times, Xata sets a safeguard limit of 50,0000 total records that can be paginated using the offset style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offset-based pagination provides more flexibility and allows you to request a specific page (using `offset`) within a total amount of records given a specific page `size`. This flexibility comes at a performance cost since the amount of total records needs to be known and very large offset values are expensive for the database to compute. To prevent slow response times, Xata sets a safeguard limit of 50,000 total records that can be paginated using the offset style.
```

</TabbedCode>

> You can find more information about pagination in the [API reference](/docs/api-reference/db/db_branch_name/tables/table_name/query#pagination). When trying to make a decision between cursor and pagination styles we recommend starting with offset-based pagination since it provides more flexibility. As your app grows or when raw performance is needed, switch to the cursor-based method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about pagination in the [API reference](/docs/api-reference/db/db_branch_name/tables/table_name/query#pagination). When trying to make a decision between cursor and pagination styles we recommend starting with offset-based pagination since it provides more flexibility. If a table becomes very large and you need to page through it all, switch to the cursor-based method.
```
